Day-06 Udemy:-
-------------

What is JIRA ?

JIRA is a tool developed by Austrialian Company Atlassian. It is used for bug tracking, issue tracking, and project management.
The name "JIRA" is actually inherited from the Japanese word "Gojira" which means "Godzilla".
The basic use of this tool is to track issue and bugs related to your software.
It is also used for project management. The JIRA dashboard consists of many useful functions and features
which make handling of issues easy.


What is a Regression Testing ?

Regression Testing is defined as a type of software testing to confirm that a recent program or code change
has not adversely affected existing features.
Regression Testing is nothing but a full or partial selection of already executed test cases which are re-executed
to ensure existing functionalities work fine.
This testing is done to make sure that new code should not have side effects on the existing functionalities.
It ensures that the old code still works once the new code changes are done.

What is Exploratory Testing ?

Exploratory testing is all about discovery, investigation, and learning.
It emphasizes personal freedom responsibility of the individual tester.
It is defined as a type of testing where Test Cases are not created in advance but testers check system on the fly.
They may note down ideas about what to test before test execution. The focus of exploratory testing is more on testing as a
"thinking" activity.

User scripted testing, you design test cases first and later proceed with test execution. On the contrary, 
exploratory testing is a simultaneous process of test design and test execution all done at the same time.
Scripted Test Execution is usually a non-thinking activity where testers execute thetest steps and compare the actual results
with expected results. Such test execution activity can be automated and does not require many cognitive skills.
Though the current trend in software testing is to push for automation, exploratory testing is a new way of thinking.
Automation has its limits.



Difference between Volume Testing and Load Testing ?


Volume Testing:-
---------------
Volume Testing is a type of software testing that is performed to test the performance or behavior of the system or application 
under the huge amount of data. Volume testing is also called flood testing and it is a type of performance testing.

Load Testing:-
------------
Load Testing is a type of software testing that is performed to test the performance or behavior of the system under the expected
load of real world. Load testing is also a type of performance testing.


Difference between Volume and Load Testing:-
-------------------------------------------


Volume Testing				                   Load Testing	
--------------				                    ------------

1). Volume testing is a software testing performed to     1). Load testing is a software tetsing performed to test the 
    test the system under huge data load.		      performance of the system under real life load.

2). Data loss is tested during volume testing.		  2). Data loss is not tested during load testing.

3). In volume testing, load is huge volume of data.	  3). In load testing, load is customers's exceptations based.

4). Volume testing is used to measure the throught of     4). Load testing is used to measure the performance of the system.
    the system.

5). Volume testing makes the system capable of real 	 5). Load testing makes the system capable according to end users.
    world use.

6). Voulme tetsing saves maintenance cost.		 6). Load testing doesn't save maintenance cost.

7). Volume testing checks system's reponse time. 	 7). Load testing checks system's performance.




When should you Automate ?

Hello everyone.

In this video I'm going to talk about automation and when should you move or when should you move from

manual to automation.

They think and the Jazz heart to that is basically when you have tasks that you that you're repeating

over and over and over and over again then you want to think about automating these tasks then to avoid

repetitive work.

If you're doing a one task 15 times per day and you're basically doing the same things and clicking

the same buttons over and over again maybe it's going to be smarter to automate this task into running

automatically every single day and to forget about it in the future but this is just the simple answer.

The more comprehensive answer is that not everything can be automated.

So is automation something really nice really cool something really necessary.

Absolutely automation is the the way to go and automation is going.

This is the future.

Everything is getting automated basically and this is definitely the future you want to learn automation.

But if you don't have any experience in testing and you're just starting out do you want to learn automation

from the beginning.

Absolutely not.

I think you should first start with manual testing and you should learn the basics.

You should learn the basics like reading the requirements from the client and knowing how the whole

process the software development lifecycle is working.

You should know how to write test cases how to execute test cases.

Basically you have to be a really good manual Kia or a manual Tester.

And after that you can move on without permission.

I think you should move should learn automation but only after you have a really good foundation and

understanding of the whole process.

So automation is definitely something that you want to learn.

It's really powerful tool to automate tasks into to keep them running keep them in the back.

Can you just check the results.

But what's in the beginning.

You should definitely learn your basic testing skills your manual skills your understanding of the whole

process and only after that you should learn automation and something very important is that automation

can not be done to every single task.

You can not automate everything.

First of all automation is.

Yes.

Yes it's a looks.

It's something that takes a lot of time.

Not everybody can do it.

Not everybody have time to do it because sometimes in your project you have deadlines and your client

wants this functionality to be done and to be delivered to him as soon as possible and you have a deadline

and you don't have time to to create automation dates.

So you're just manually tested.

Try us.

Try your best to do it as soon as possible so you can release to the production and the client so the

client is.

You should give more time and you have somebody that can do automation tests then you can start implementing

implementing selenium you selenium UI automation tests but they take a lot more time and also need not

everything can be automated.

So automation is the way to go.

But first learn your basics your foundation and after that move on to automation.

Interview Questions - Preparing for You First Manual QA Job :-
-------------------------------------------------------------


1). What do you know about Software Development Life Cycle ?
2). What is a test case ?
3). What kind of testing do you know ?
4). What is a bug ?
5). What is the difference between white box and black box testing ?
6). What is exploratory testing ?
7). What is UAT and  who is doing it ?
8). What is cross browser testing ?
9). What is difference between volume and load testing ?
10). Can you automate every test case ?
11). What is Regression Testing ?
12). What is JIRA used for ?
13). What are you going to do if you find a major defect in the system you are testing ?

ANS All Questions:-
------------------

Hello everyone and welcome to this listen.

I'm really excited that you're being here because this is the end of the course now and you should be

ready for applying to your first career job and this whole course we've been preparing you for your

first KIA job.

So the interview questions will that I have prepared for you are basically everything that I told you

so far in this course.

And I want to to ask you this question now is these questions now.

And to answer them once again because I want you two to understand all of this and to have some kind

of answers when you're going to your first job when you're applying for your first job and you're into

an interview a lot of these questions actually all of these questions I have been asked when I first

started applying for jobs.

So I want to teach you how to handle an interview process and how to make a good impression on somebody

and how to land the job as a mediocre engineer.

So as I said the whole course is basically a preparation for your first job.

But let's do it once again in this video.

So the first question that I have put here is what do you know about the software development lifecycle.

And when they ask you this you should say what they told you in the beginning of the course that software

development life's lifecycle is a process for developing a software product.

And the first phase is coming with requirements from the client.

After that when you have all the necessary requirements is coming the design phase the UK or UX designer

is creating the designs for the client.

And when the client approves these designs then the implementation phase comes.

This is the coding phase in the developers are actually creating the product.

After that the case Engineers are testing the product and if they approve the product after that the

the software application is is being deployed to the production.

That means that the client gets its product.

And after that the the team the scrum team is maintaining the product.

So something like supporting the product to then to the next six months.

This is what the software development lifecycle is.

Next question is what is a test case again.

You shouldn't you should know all of these things you can watch the previous sessions but here I just

want to answer with a quick quick answer is that this is how are going to react and to and to answer

these questions.

If you're on interview So what is a test case a test case it's implementation of test steps.

And when you execute them you're verifying certain functionality.

Basically this case is just a test.

The steps that you're executing into in the end of the test gives you verify that the functionality

is working or not working as expected.

What kind of testing do you know here you should see that they're mainly there are two kinds of testing

functional and non-functional the functional testing are related to the functions of the product and

non-functional is related to the performance of the product.

And just like I told you in the earlier stations in here you can also you can also see all kinds of

testing that you can think of for example on unit testing integration testing stress testing volume

testing globe testing regression testing exploratory testing all kinds of testing.

Did you know you can just say one or two words for them.

You're right you're really going to shine in.

You're going to look really good if you see like 10 10 types of testing can you.

You can say one or two words about each one of them.

And this is for the Junior.

Of course you're going to shine What is a book a book is Every single thing that is not working as expected.

So basically you have requirements you know how something should work how this functionality should

work if it is there is something that is not working as expected.

It's a book so everything that is not working as expected.

What's the difference between white books and Black Books this thing with black books testing.

You have input and you're just verifying the final the expected result but you don't know what is happening

in the back of the program.

So you're testing the functionality from user point of view in the white box.

They think you're testing the internal side of the program.

So basically you're testing the code you're testing the security and you know exactly what is happening

behind the scenes what is exploratory testing.

Exploratory testing is trying to find defects into the system without having a script and take tips

to execute your logging into the system and you're trying to break it with everything that comes into

your mind.

You're just exploring the system and trying to find defects.

What is your lady and queen doing it.

You had these things for user acceptance testing and this is done by the user.

So after the implementing of the product after the very.

Verifying the product from the QE team and after deploying the product then the user then the the client

the final user can do this user acceptance testing in law in order to verify that the product is working

as expected.

This is the final phase of the on top of the product development.

What is cross browser testing.

Cross browser testing is testing the application in different browsers in order to verify that the application

is working as expected in different browsers.

For example Firefox Safari Chrome Internet Explorer and you can also say mobile application as well.

What is the difference between volume and flow testing.

Here you can nation the example that I gave you earlier in this course with the upload functionality.

So volume testing would be increasing the volume of the file.

So one huge file with increased size and load testing will be many small files uploaded to the system

for example.

Two three four thousand files and put small files uploaded to the system.

Can you out meet a test case.

No.

Automation something that have to be really carefully thought and some test cases are just not applicable

for automation automation is really powerful tool.

But you should first do your manual testing.

You should know how the application should work and up after that you can decide which test cases should

be automated.

But not every single test case should be ultimate what is regression testing regression testing is verifying

that old functionalities are still working as expected after uploading new functionalities basically

verifying that the system be verifying that the new code is not breaking the old one what is Jura used

for.

Jura is a project management tool and book tracking tool and it's used for manage your project and to

create user stories and tasks basically to mange the project and to track the progress of the team.

What are you going to do if you find the major defect in the system you're testing.

If they find a major defect defect in the system I think I'm going to report the book immediately to

the developers and to the project manager of the team so everybody knows about this and the developers

can start fixing the problem as soon as possible and the project manager can do the documentation.

If something has to be done related to the client and after I report immediately to the team I'm going

to create the bug report explaining everything about the book about the defect how I feel how I found

the defect I'm going to attach screenshots.

Basically this question is is a common sense but I just wanted to answer it for you because this is

something that I have been asked on the interview and that's it.

These are the questions that I believe are more than enough for you to start your first Q a job.

And I am sure that you are going to do just fine.

These are the foundations of the manual.

Kia engineer the junior manual QE engineer.

This is a job that allows you to enter the I.T. field and we all know that this field is really rewarding.

And we hear a lot of benefits a lot of perks a good salary into this field so you can you can become

a just Kia engineer and change your life and change your family's life.

That's why I want to help you.

I want to teach you all of these because I was a few years ago.

I was working something completely different and the salary the salary was not even near to the salary

that I'm taking as a key engineer.

So I think everybody can learn these things and everybody can apply them.

Everybody can find a job and really change his life for a better.

So I hope that you'll learn a lot from this and I will see you in the next lesson.


QA Salary - How Much Money QA Makes :-
--------------------------------------


Hello everyone.

Today I'm going to talk about something that probably you're really interested about and this is what

is the salary of the QE engineer or how much money.

K. engineers are making and of course you're interested in that.

I was also interested in that.

I went before I started this job.

And it's something really normal normal to to look for something better and normal to look to improve

your life and to have a better job to support your family or yourself to buy your home or whatever is

your mission in your goals.

So to answer this question it's it really depends on a lot of things.

It depends of your experience the paints or where is your job and which country if you're going to work

in the United States for example.

Which state are you working in.

It depends on a lot of things but the average salary of the Q engineer is seventy one thousand dollars

almost seventy two so seventy one nine hundred twenty seven dollars is the average pay in the.

This is the the official statement but by the glass door and that's a lot of money for a lot of people

that's a lot of money.

Let's see how much is that per month.

So 7 1 seventy one thousand nine hundred and twenty seven dollars divided by twelve.

You're going to make five thousand nine hundred ninety three dollars per month almost six thousand dollars

per month and you should know that depends on a lot of things.

It depends on your experience of course.

In the beginning you're going to start for for a lower amount you may start for fifty thousand dollars

but still this is for.

For many people that's a lot of money.

And when you grow when you make when you have more experience you're going to grow you're going to grow

your title you're going to start fresh start for example with a manual Kia engineer manual junior engineer.

After that you may become only just Kia engineer so mid level you may become senior car engineer or

automation key engineer you may become a test lead you may become key manager there is a lot of room

to grow and to to have a much bigger salary than this so you may start for a low for a lower than that

but there is also the opportunity to the opportunity to grow to ninety thousand dollars to one hundred

thousand dollars per year and to make a lot of money.

And if we scroll down you will see that there are a lot of job posts from companies like GM where that

salary swung from within 1000 dollars self sales force one hundred eighteen thousand dollars in April.

Engineers are making 1000 and twelve.

Average salary you can see that a lot of companies are posting these salaries and they are between 9000

and one thing within something that's a lot of money for for a lot of people.

So if you start if you start even with something like 50 60 thousand dollars your salary will grow exponentially

with your experience when you make what even with one year of experience you can become so valuable

to a company that you can you can make a lot of money with this job and becoming a becoming engineer

in the I.T. field can really change your life and really improve your family's life.

That's why I am doing this course.

I want to help as much as much people as they can to try to talk to choose this career path to change

their careers and to just to have better life because this kind of money can it can change your life.

And also it's a great career you can.

You can be really happy with doing this if you like it.

I think it's a great job.

It's not like you're all day working on the sun and doing some physical job you're going to work into

a nice office and in the ideal I.T. field there are a lot of benefits like free food into the office

like sports cards and a lot of cool benefits.

And also there is a lot of demand.

So OK all kinds of huge big companies are looking for developers and great engineers.

So if you enter this field you can really change your life.

So I encourage you to learn what I just told you in this course to watch it again if you need to and

to just to apply apply to a job even if you if you fail a couple of times the interview process is so

his have a learning curve by itself.

Before I start my first job as a cue engineer I have tried more than 15 interviews probably 20 interviews.

I was failing one after another one after another and they were rejecting me or I was I didn't like

the company or they didn't like me but I applied to almost 20 jobs before I started my first job.

So I would say Don't get discouraged if you fail one time two time three times five times.

Just go and do it again do it again.

After the interview you will get better and more comfortable with talking with these kinds of people

with human resources and like I said this interview process have a learning curve.

By itself you will become better even with interviews.

When you go through your 20th interview you feel like you're at home.

You will not even look stressed or nervous.

You will just go there talk.

Talk with them really naturally.

Answer all their questions because you already know what they are going to ask.

Q You have been to 20 interviews and I'm sure that you can find the job as well.

Q Changing your mind you can change your life for the better.


Make Money Testing Websites From Home :-
--------------------------------------

$10-$15 for 20 minutes of work.

1). https://www.usertesting.com
2). https://www.trymyui.com
3). https://www.userlytics.com

Hello everyone.

In this video I want to show you how you can make some money from dating Web sites and in the beginning.

I want to tell you that this is not something that is going to you are going to make a living from but

this is just a way to make or 10 15 dollars for 20 minutes half an hour by texting Web sites.

If this is something that you would like to do to to get some extra money on the side of your job consider

this like a side geek something that you can do in your free time after work or meet the weekends you

can.

You can learn from these Web sites around ten dollars to fifteen dollars for about 20 minutes of work.

And this is a Web site that customers are applauding.

Their customers are recruiting testers to test the functionalities of their Web sites and basically

to improve to get the feedback and to improve their Web sites.

And the first Web site is this one user testing.

Dot com.

So let me show you how it looks like user testing.

Popcorn.

And like I told you you just come here you registered to the website site you give them your e-mail

and when there is a project that is suitable for you they're going to contact you.

They're going to send you an e-mail to tell you there is available project something like that.

You can create.

You can test it now and take your commission something like this but you should know that there are

a lot of people to these Web sites.

And when there is a open project you have to be really quick in order to take it because they sent these

e-mails to a lot of people and for example you they need 10 people the first 10 people will get the

job and get the money.

And it also depends quite a lot on from your location.

So if you're into working into the United States for example you may have a lot more projects than if

you're working eat into for example Turkey or some other place.

But just keep this in mind that this really depends on your location.

For me personally personally I get very probably I have done not more than 50 dollars than these Web

sites for six months.

So it's not a lot of money.

So don't expect something really big from this.

It's just a plus.

Just something to add to your to your revenue.

It's not something that you're going to make a living from.

This is something that you can just make like a side geek if you want to make some extra cash.

It's not going to be huge amount of cash and just some extra.

This is the second Web site.

Try my UI dot com and the third Web site is use a little X dot com and all of them are doing the same

thing.

Basically you are tasting something from a user point of view.

You are logging into the application doing some basic tests for about 20 minutes 20 30 minutes maximum

and you're getting 10 to 15 dollars.

It's it's OK if you think about it.

If you make two dates per week you can make twenty dollars and just like this 20 30 dollars.

Again not a big amount of money but you can do it as a site think and just to make some extra cash if

you need it.

I hope that was useful.



























































































































































