Day-07 C# or Java-Which One is Better Date:12-06-2024
--------------------------------------------------

21). C# or Java - Which One is Better ?


#1.Paradigm
------------

Java:-
-----
class-based, Object-Oriented
language derived 
from c++.

C#:-
----

Object-Oriented, component-Oriented,
functional, strong typing.


#2. Application:-
----------------

Java:-
-----
Complex web based, highly
concurrent application.

C#:-
---

Wb and game development, popular for mobile
development.


#3. Project:-
------------

Java:-
-----

Suited for complex web
based concurrency project.


C#;-
----
Best suited for game development projects.


#4.Usage:-
--------
Java:-
----
Messaging, web application, highly concurrent application.


C#:-
---
Games, mobile development, virtual reality.


--> educba.com/java-vs-C-sharp


Hello and welcome to this video.

Now I'm going to talk about what are the differences between Java and C sharp and to which programming

language is better.

And honestly I don't want you to think about programming languages like that like one is better than

the other.

And I know that a lot of people are comparing them and they are so hard core Java fans or so hard core

C sharp fans.

But what they want you to understand is that a programming language is just a tool and different tools

have different purposes.

So for example if you're going to build a game in unity of course you're going to use C sharp for that.

And if if you're going to if you want to become Android developer and develop Android applications mobile

applications you're going to use Java for that.

So my point here is that programming language language is just a tool.

And one programming language is not better than another programming language.

They're just used for different things and depending on what you want to create you're going to use

a certain language but don't be like these guys that they're saying hold Java is the only programming

language for me in the world I'm not using anything else.

Be open minded.

Try to learn as much as you can and not think that you need to learn 50 programming languages.

You need to specify something and become really good at that but you also need to be open minded and

accept to learn other things as well.

So what are the.

The basic differences between the languages both see sharp and Java are object oriented programming

languages.

You Sharp is new words.

So Java was created by Oracle and it was created before C sharp so C sharp is the more recent language

in a lot of the things in C sharp are basically the same like the things in Java.

It's all programming languages have the the same basics in the same programming foundations.

So again don't be one of these guys that is only hardcore one programming language.

Of course there are differences in the languages but like I said the basics the foundation is basically

the same.

A lot of similarities in C sharp and Java.

Java is a complex web based highly concurrent application where C shape C sharp is web and game development

popular format for mobile development.

Basically a lot of big companies and big applications are using Java because Java has been here forever

like Facebook uses Java as long as other programming languages.

Amazon uses Java and other programming languages so you can see that a lot of big huge companies are

using it.

So you can say more stable because it's on the market forever.

On the other hand C sharp is created by Microsoft.

It's a newer more recent programming language than Java.

But it's still on the market for a lot of years and people are starting to appreciate and to realize

how good good of a programming language see sharpies.

And it's basically a lot of the things in C sharp or the same like in Java and you can you see sharp

also for web development as well as it's very popular for game development with Unity Java is suited

for complex web based concurrency project in C sharp is best suited for game development projects which

I think C sharp is great also for web development and the tools the idea that we're using for Java it's

eclipse not beans or Intel idea.

I personally like the Intel J.

Most of these end for C sharp.

We are using Visual Studio.

I think both of these ideas ideas are great intelligent individuals to do so like I said the programming

language is just a tool that you're using to create something.

And depending on what you want to create you're using you're going to use different languages.

Sue sharp in Java have a lot of similarities basically that the basics of the language is absolutely

the same.

You just need to get familiar with the syntax and you're good to go.

I my advice here is don't look at languages like this one is better than the other.

Try to be open minded try to learn as much thanks.

As you can.

And later on when you put it on your CV for example you have been working one project on Java and the

other one on C sharp.

It will look good because you have experienced a lot of things and you have knowledge in a lot of things

not only in one programming language.

So think of this as an opportunity to learn new things.

You see that a lot of the things are similar in the two languages.

They're both great languages and they're great depending on things that you want to create with them.


Section 4:C# or Java - Which One is Better:-
-------------------------------------------

--> Intro
--> Installing Visual Studio - Your Development Environment.
--> Understand Basic Programming.

namespace MyFirstProject
{
	class Program
	{
	   // This is a method caled "Main"
	   // Our program starts from here
	   static void Main(string[] args)
	   {
	      Console.WriteLine("What is your favourate number?");
	      Console.ReadLine();
	      Console.WriteLine("WOW, that's my favorite number as well!");

	   }

	}



}












































